If you've never created art for games or animations.
One of the best places to come to to find jobs and gain experience are freelancing sites like the one
we're on right now.
Freelancers dot com.
There's a ton of other sites out there such as e Lancer.
If you do a google search for freelancing sites that will give you a ton of them and you can just choose
whichever one you want.
Now I'm going to take you through a walkthrough on freelancer because this is the one that I've found
the best success with in the past.
So what freelancer is is it a site for people that have projects that want to get them outsourced to
other people so they can bring their project to freelancer you the freelance or will bid on their project
along with a bunch of other freelancers.
Then the employer will take a look at all the bids and they'll look at all the freelancers profiles
their reviews and their portfolios and based off that they're going to choose a freelancer to do the
job that they have.
And then once you do the job you'll get paid.
I'll talk a little bit more about that stuff later.
Now once you've created your account you're going to want to add some details to your profile now because
I just created this new account and my accounts not linked to anything like my paypal or any of my information.
It won't allow me to fill in my information.
But when you get in here and you have a real full fledged account it will allow you to fill in all the
information and add all the things to your portfolio.
So you're going to want to add your name down here and I'll ask for a description in there you'll just
put your background and what you do.
You're also going to want to put in a profile picture.
Over here you can put in your hourly rate and then down here there there's usually a button that will
allow you to add to your portfolio and you can add files or images and that's the most important part
about your profile is because when a employer comes to your profile to see who you are and what you
do they want to see your work and they want to see that you have good reviews up here.
And those are the two most important things on the site are your reviews and your portfolio.
So when you create your account make sure you try to build up the best portfolio you can.
And as you create more art you can just keep adding to it.